README.md, before:

# Rule Providers

A private collection of `clash` rule providers. :key::unlock:

## jsdelivr link of rule providers

### classical

```md
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@lp-clash/rule-providers@latest/dist/rule-providers/rules.classical.yaml

https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/onemoon/@lp-clash/rule-providers@latest/src/rule-providers/rules.classical.yaml
```

### domain

```md
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@lp-clash/rule-providers@latest/dist/rule-providers/rules.domain.yaml

https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/onemoon/@lp-clash/rule-providers@latest/src/rule-providers/rules.domain.yaml
```

**Note**: Recommend using the jsDelivr link with `npm`, it will keep up with the new version updates.

## Software

- [Clash for Windows](https://github.com/Fndroid/clash_for_windows_pkg)

## How to

1. Open `Clash for Windows` software.
2. Select `Settings` from the left sidebar.
3. Scroll to `Profiles` and click the `Edit` button to open the parsers file, and then edit it [ [Config wiki](https://docs.cfw.lbyczf.com/contents/parser.html#%E8%BF%9B%E9%98%B6%E6%96%B9%E6%B3%95-javascript) ]
4. Select the proper jsDelivr link to use in the parsers file

## Configuration and Wiki

- [Clash Doc](https://dreamacro.github.io/clash/)

- [Rule Providers](https://dreamacro.github.io/clash/premium/rule-providers.html)

- [Clash for Windows Doc](https://docs.cfw.lbyczf.com/)

- [Clash for Windows 配置文件预处理](https://docs.cfw.lbyczf.com/contents/parser.html#%E7%89%88%E6%9C%AC%E8%A6%81%E6%B1%82)

- [什么是 rule-provider、proxy-provider？怎么用？clash 分流规则终极使用方法，还支持 clash、openclash、clash for window, Stash, ClashX Pro 客户端](https://www.jamesdailylife.com/rule-proxy-provider)

- [jsDelivr Doc](https://www.jsdelivr.com/documentation)

- [Parsers Config](https://docs.cfw.lbyczf.com/contents/parser.html#%E8%BF%9B%E9%98%B6%E6%96%B9%E6%B3%95-javascript)

### Doc Help

[Markdown guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/)

Commit message:

fix(providers): remove the wrong link of github jsdelivr

README.md, after:

# Rule Providers

A private collection of `clash` rule providers. :key::unlock:

## jsDelivr links

```javascript
// classical
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@lp-clash/rule-providers@latest/dist/rule-providers/rules.classical.yaml

// domain
https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@lp-clash/rule-providers@latest/dist/rule-providers/rules.domain.yaml
```

## Software

- [Clash for Windows](https://github.com/Fndroid/clash_for_windows_pkg)

## How to

1. Open `Clash for Windows` software.
2. Select `Settings` from the left sidebar.
3. Navigate to `Profiles`, select the `Edit` button to open the parser file in a text editor, and proceed to modify it. [ [Config wiki](https://docs.cfw.lbyczf.com/contents/parser.html#%E8%BF%9B%E9%98%B6%E6%96%B9%E6%B3%95-javascript) ]
4. Pick an appropriate jsDelivr link to use in the parsers file.

## Configuration and Wiki

- [Clash Doc](https://dreamacro.github.io/clash/)

- [Rule Providers](https://dreamacro.github.io/clash/premium/rule-providers.html)

- [Clash for Windows Doc](https://docs.cfw.lbyczf.com/)

- [Clash for Windows 配置文件预处理](https://docs.cfw.lbyczf.com/contents/parser.html#%E7%89%88%E6%9C%AC%E8%A6%81%E6%B1%82)

- [什么是 rule-provider、proxy-provider？怎么用？clash 分流规则终极使用方法，还支持 clash、openclash、clash for window, Stash, ClashX Pro 客户端](https://www.jamesdailylife.com/rule-proxy-provider)

- [jsDelivr Doc](https://www.jsdelivr.com/documentation)

- [Parsers Config](https://docs.cfw.lbyczf.com/contents/parser.html#%E8%BF%9B%E9%98%B6%E6%96%B9%E6%B3%95-javascript)

### Doc Help

[Markdown guide](https://www.markdownguide.org/)
